Metrics tab doc (#17365)
netdata/netdata: docs/cloud/insights/metric-correlations.md

## Usage tips!

> - When running Metric Correlations from the [Metrics tab](docs/dashboard/metrics-tab-and-single-node-tabs.md) across multiple nodes, you might find better results if you iterate on the initial results by grouping by node to then filter to nodes of interest and run the Metric Correlations again. So a typical workflow in this case would be to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When running Metric Correlations from the [Metrics tab](docs/dashboard/metrics-tab-and-single-node-tabs.md) across multiple nodes, you might find better results if you iterate on the initial results by grouping by node to then filter to nodes of interest and rerun the Metric Correlations. So a typical workflow in this case would be to:
```
